fix: more AEM branding (#2249)
adobe/helix-cli: README.md

> # Helix/AEM Command Line Interface (`aem` or `aem`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Helix/AEM Command Line Interface (`aem`)
```

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/adobe/helix-cli.svg)](https://github.com/adobe/helix-cli/issues)
[![LGTM Code Quality Grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/adobe/helix-cli.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/adobe/helix-cli)

> The AEM Command Line Interface allows web developers to create, develop, and deploy digital experiences using Adobe Experience Manager Sites 'Edge Delivery Services' f.k.a 'Project Franklin' f.k.a 'Project Helix'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AEM Command Line Interface allows web developers to create, develop, and deploy digital experiences using the Adobe Experience Manager Sites feature Edge Delivery Services. Some of this functionality was known as Franklin or Project Helix before.
```

## Installation

Install `aem` as a global command. You need Node 12.11 or newer.

```bash
$ npm install -g @adobe/aem-cli
```

## Quick Start

```
$ aem --help
Usage: aem <command> [options]

Commands:

>   aem up  Run a Helix development server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  aem up  Run a AEM development server
```

oder ?

this will create 2 files: `server.crt` and `server.key`

2. start aem with tls support

```
$ aem up --tls-cert server.crt --tls-key server.key
    ___   ______  ___  ____   __         ___      ___
   / _ | / __/  |/  / / __/__/ /__ ____ / _ \___ / (_)  _____ ______ __
  / __ |/ _// /|_/ / / _// _  / _ `/ -_) // / -_) / / |/ / -_) __/ // /
 /_/ |_/___/_/  /_/ /___/\_,_/\_, /\__/____/\__/_/_/|___/\__/_/  \_, /

>                              /___/                      v14.26.0 ___/

Reviewer 3: Can you remove the AEM? The official name is "Edge Delivery Services for Adobe Experience Manager"
cc @trieloff

Reviewer 3: Analog to the Importer, maybe here it should just say Simulator?

Author: ok.

Author: changed it and updated the description.
